Sign off. Minor bach concert.
So yeah, 30 minutes long.
Concerto, 30 minute long sonata, 30 minute long Bach.
Bach, bach suite. And, it's like
It's a six minute showcase.
Classical music that's in the era or just like classical music?
Uh no, no um Bartòk is like
his written in 1949.
And...
Yeah, yeah. He's 19
like post-war, pre-war and
Well, it's a little different for Violin uh Viola because there's so little pieces.
really like there's only three big concertos that
Usually in one place. The Walton Concerto, Bartok Concerto, and
Hindemith Concerto. And they're all around like the same
like 1920 and after so
So you kind of just pick and choose out of those three?
Oh, oh, oh. much more. Much more. Much more. Cause, first
of all, there are...
So many more people who play violin.
But also so many more.
It's so hard. There's that many people that are that good. It's hard to...
choose
The actual ones you're excellent. So, I get accepted into schools or competitions.
And so it's much more, I think, a bit more arbitrary.
in my competitions and
in violin world because there's just too many, so many
Students.
Yeah.
Violin. Yeah. Also much more pieces for them, that's it.
Coz we are mostly
It was like
Nine up like late
18th century, early 19th century is when the viola started to become
Not as like an accompaniment instrument.
but like seen as an actual instrument for like solo playing.
Yeah, it took a long time. Especially in like the Baròk era.
I mean there are obviously with this many people in the world. There are people who compose
for viola. But that was like out of the ordinary. I don't know.
It was not a normal thing to write from a viola coz...
Mom is Viola.
Yeah, But so I, I mean I started on violin, but when I was like seven
I saw Mona like win a competition, and so I was like, I want to win a competition too.
And then my mom was like, if you wanna win a competition, do it on Viola.
Because like it's less competition with Viola.
Cause like I really didn't practice at all.
No.
I don't even remember playing violin.
Like, if I, if I ran out, I don't...
Not really. I really, I wasn't really into music at all. Even after I wanted to like learn for competition.
I... I think it's like COVID.
And the doc. like the story is like
you know, better or not It's like Fujiko Hemming. Fujiko
When I started listening to her and I got into like...
piano music oh my gosh the ec oh my gosh
I talked for too long.
That was cozy.
Yeah, that was like 13, 14?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
I even like came late
Yeah.
Well, I don't remember being exactly like
Rude like in my performances. Because that wasn't like a thing I thought about being rude like
performance. But she introduced me to like
Very classic, classical music pieces.
That eyes really like... It's like, wow, this is good music.
For like the first time I think in my life.
And then from there I really started like, like, you know.
Yeah.
I was trying to play piano for a while.
A little bit. But I never really stood out. I did it with Naoko for like a year.
I did a CM on piano. I don't. I can't believe I did that.
But, yeah. But...So I started with piano.
Lots of piano music. I like it.
Look at like all the pieces on piano, like ever. I tried to.
And then, I think, from like...
After like Boston.
I started...